Tie breaking for FPS (#519)
emdgroup/baybe: CHANGELOG.md

- `ngboost` is now an optional dependency
- `setuptools-scm` is now an optional dependency, used for improved version inference
- `create_example_plots`, `to_string` and `indent` have been relocated within utils

> - `random_tie_break` flag added to `farthest_point_sampling`, that toggles between 

Reviewer: no comma here
```suggestion
- `random_tie_break` flag added to `farthest_point_sampling` to toggle between 
```

Reviewer: fixed

  random or deterministic sampling for equidistant cases

> - `random_tie_break` and `initialization` keywords added to `FPS_Recommender` to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `random_tie_break` and `initialization` keywords added to `FPSRecommender` to
```

Reviewer: fixed

- `ngboost` is now an optional dependency
- `setuptools-scm` is now an optional dependency, used for improved version inference
- `create_example_plots`, `to_string` and `indent` have been relocated within utils
- `random_tie_break` flag added to `farthest_point_sampling`, that toggles between 

>   random or deterministic sampling for equidistant cases

Reviewer 2: its important to also mention the changes to `FPSRecommender` (ie two new attributes for configuration added) here since they are user facing
